The year is 2348. Earth was discovered by a more advanced Alien race that
conquered and enslaved the human race to extract water from Earth and bring
it to their home planet where water has run out. However, their is a growing
insurgent movement among the remaining humans. They follow their chosen 
Ultra Prime Commander Alexander the Great XVI a.k.a. UPC #16. UPC #16
annouces that he has a plan to fight back against the opressive Aliens that
took over Earth....

Chapter 1: (Jlee)
"Good evening, ladies and gentlemn. First... I want to thank you all for your
continual service; some of us may have lost our brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers,
friends... and for some of us, we may have lost parts of ourselves. It's hard. It's
painful, yes.. and I won't deny such. But brothers and sisters, when we bury their bodies,
when we lay them down to Mother Earth, their physical bodies are no longer present, but 
their spirits live among those who have decided to carry on their legacies. Us. We are the
resistance, we are humanity's last chance, and I'll be damned if I won't be able to give 
my fallen brothers and sisters a proper burial. So with that, I announce our great plan.." 

Chapter 2: (Ben Lang)
"Our great plan to overthrow the Aliens using a new chemical our scientists have discovered. It is known as Alpha 6.
This chemical was developed and tested thoroughly and is proven to immobilize the aliens.
With such a chemical, we will finally have the upper hand against these disgusting parisites.
With the enemy advancing quickly on the eastern front, we are looking for a few brave volenteers to go out and test our new weapons.
Our new blasters use Alpha 6. Though we are certain this chemical will destroy the enemy, we are unsure exactly how to effectively use it on the aliens. 
If this blaster were to work, the aliens would have no chance of winning."
*All of a sudden an alien company floods the room firing their weapons on the crowd*
*Everyone scrambles and UPC #16 hides under the podium*
*He yells for assistance, but is confronted with an alien who spots him. . .*

Chapter 3: (Grace Zeng)

"YOU THERE. ARE YOU THE LEADER OF THE HUMAN REBELLION?" the alien bellows
"I am." UPC #16 says, resolutely. "And though you may strike me down, as long as a shred of Humanity exists, someone will take my place. And we shall--"
"WHAT THE HELL MAN YOU DON'T EVEN NEED LIKE 99% OF YOUR PLANET'S WATER"
"...I...what?"
"ALL WE ASKED FOR WAS LIKE, ONE SMALL OCEAN AND YOU MANIACS TRY TO SHOOT US WITH YOUR GUN STICKS"
"You murdered and enslaved most of humanity!" 
"YOU STARTED IT"
"No u"
The screaming and shooting has died down as every pair and trio of eyes are now on the two arguing beings.
A smaller alien finally interrupts. "YO GERRY I THINK THE HUMANS ARE MAD CUZ THEY CAN'T REGENERATE WHEN WE SHOOT THEM"
"...OH CRAP REALLY?"

And so the aliens offered to trade the technology that grants them immortality in exchange for the Indian Ocean.
Loved ones were resurrected and reunited and everyone lived happily ever after forever. 
At least until Earth ran out of water due to overpopulation.
The End.
